I have a rich IT experience of 21 years. I am a well seasoned IT professional worked with global IT giants like Accenture, Mphasis, Sonata, HCL & Collabera. I have been sphere heading various leadership roles and Propelling Growth in the global cloud business. 
As a practice head of MS practice Collabera, responsible for heading the presales, my expertise lies in setting up & leading a cloud Practice, Presales leadership, building priority market solutions, driving training, certification, Competency, motivating and leading large teams winning deals. I have a fine blend of sales and technical background required to drive the Global presales organization. 
I have a rich experience in designing Private, Public and Hybrid clouds. creating account level seeding and delivery strategies, designing globally relevant solution plays, creating technical artefacts, sphere heading client engagements , CXO discussions, client presentations, leading solution defense, leading formulating deal winning strategies. Coaching teams on public cloud, driving Training and certifications, Leading and Motivating teams, Bringing a cultural and behavioural change by creating healthy positive atmosphere leading to tangible outcomes.


Lead Cloud Consultant: Experienced in delivering consulting engagements to a large multinational organizations. This included IT strategies along with cost optimization; covering organization, application and technology rationalization and transformation. Delivering cloud amenability consulting engagements focused on cloud assessments, strategies, roadmaps together with the associated business cases. 

Having worked for leading IT giants like I have vast experience in gamut of IT solutions right from Desktop solutions to VDI, Intel and Unix servers, \network, storage arrays comprising of SAN/NAS models, end to end software solutions clubbed with IT consulting and managed services. 

I have had a lucrative career so far , responsible for large Marque wins, new logo acquisitions and as result been constantly elevated to leadership roles like Presales head, Consulting Lead, Cloud Business Head, IT services leader and most recently as the Practice head for MS vertical. 