Milvus
Milvus is one of the most most popular open-source vector databases that can manage trillions of vector datasets. It’s widely used in applications like new drug discovery, autonomous driving, chatbots, computer vision, and recommendation engines.

Features

Millisecond search on trillion vector datasets
Simplified unstructured data management
Reliable, always on vector database
Component-level scalability and elasticity make resource scheduling more efficient
Facilitates hybrid search over data types such as integers, Boolean, floating-point numbers, and more
A unified lambda structure makes batch processing timeless and efficient
Excellent community support with more than 1,000 enterprise users, 8,000+ stars on GitHub
Weaviate
Weaviate is a Go-based low-latency vector search engine and vector database. It leverages ML to vectorize and store data and to answer natural language queries. The platform provides exceptional support for different media types, such as images, and text. It also facilitates semantic search, customizable models, question-answer extraction, classification, and more. Since it stores both objects and vectors, users can combine vector search and structured filtering with the tolerance of a cloud-native database. It’s accessible via REST, GraphQL, and other language clients.

Features

Fast queries. It can perform a ten nearest neighbor (NN) search out of millions of objects in less than 100ms
Supports any media type
Combines scalar and vector search
Can process real-time data, and writes are performed to a Write-Ahead-Log (WAL) for immediately persisted writes
Scale Weaviate as per your needs – large datasets, maximum ingestion, high-availability
Cost-effective. Large datasets don’t occupy memory, and memory can be used to increase the queries’ speed.
Makes arbitrary graph-like connections between objects
Vespa
Vespa is a feature-packed text search engine that fully supports traditional information retrieval and modern embedding-based techniques. Besides, it’s extensively used for recommendation and personalization, question answering, and semi-structured navigation.

Features

Fast nearest neighbor search (ANN) in vector spaces
Matching by structured metadata
Combining matching operators in the same query by AND and OR
Facilitates 2-phase ranking
Ranking by arbitrary mathematical expressions over tensor and scalar features
Grouping, aggregation, and deduplication overall matches
Vald
Vald is a fully scalable and open-source distributed fast ANN dense vector search engine. It runs on the cloud-native architecture and uses the fastest ANN algorithm NGT to search neighbors. The search engine facilitates automatic vector indexing and index backup and horizontal scaling for searching from billions of vector data. You can customize it based on your unique needs.

Features

Asynchronous Auto Indexing
Customizable Ingress/Egress Filtering
Cloud-native based vector searching engine
Auto Indexing Backup
Distributed Indexing
Index Replication
Ease to use
Highly customizable
Multi-language supported
Pinecone
Pinecone is a commercial, fully managed vector database designed to ease adding vector search to production applications. The product combines vector search libraries, functions such as filtering, and distributed infrastructure. Most of all, it provides high-performance search regardless of scale.

Features

Search from billions of vectors in tens of milliseconds
Operates on secure GCP or AWS environments in multiple regions
Facilitates semantic search and unstructured data search
Used for duplication and record matching, recommendations, ranking, detection, and classification
Kinetica
Kinetica is a commercial vector database that natively supports vectorization on GPUs and CPUs. It’s basically a memory-first platform featuring tiered storage that uses vectorization to parallelize tasks at instruction levels. It has an integrated analytical suite of tools that helps deliver real-time analytics and high-speed streaming.

Features

Sequential processing
Task-level parallel processing
Data-level parallel processing (Vectorization)
Machine learning
Graph analytics
IoT analytics
Real-time analytics
Supply chain optimization